Use SQLx with postgres to connect to DB via Golang 
Create table dynamically

# Set up postgres
uses docker-compose.yml file and .env file for parameters
```docker-compose up -d```

# Run the main.go 
```go run main.go```
Creates table as per Query and Runs the statements - insert ,CRUD etc

# Run the go tests 
```go test -v```

Output is like :
=== RUN   TestInsertUserCommitted
2023/06/05 12:10:41 3
--- PASS: TestInsertUserCommitted (0.02s)
=== RUN   TestInsertUserRollback
2023/06/05 12:10:41 4
NOTE: The last transaction was rollbacked at the end due to defer ...so this user will not exist in postgres database
--- PASS: TestInsertUserRollback (0.02s)
PASS
ok      postgresSQLxGo  0.044s

# Sqlx vs Gorm
It’s difficult to declare a single “best” option between Gorm and Sqlx, as each library has its own strengths and weaknesses. The best choice for your project depends on your specific requirements and preferences. Here’s a brief comparison of the two libraries:
1. GORM (https://gorm.io/)
GORM is an Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) library, which means it maps database records to Go structs and vice versa.
It provides a higher level of abstraction compared to sqlx, making it easier to work with databases and perform common operations.
GORM supports many database systems, including PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQLite, and SQL Server.
It offers advanced features like automatic schema migrations, associations, transactions, and more.
One drawback is that GORM may generate SQL queries that are less performant than hand-written queries or those generated by sqlx, especially when dealing with complex queries or large datasets.
2. sqlx (https://github.com/jmoiron/sqlx)
sqlx is a lightweight library that extends Go’s standard database/sql package with additional functionality, making it more convenient to use.
It provides a lower level of abstraction than GORM, which means you have more control over the SQL queries and can optimize them for better performance.
sqlx supports any database compatible with the database/sql package, including PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQLite, and SQL Server.
It offers basic ORM-like functionality, such as mapping rows to Go structs and named parameter support, but it doesn’t have advanced features like GORM.
If you prefer writing SQL queries and need better control over the generated SQL, sqlx may be a better choice than GORM.
# sqlxWithGoPostgres
